Improve documentation for content_overrides of an activation_key (#1875)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: roles/activation_keys/README.md

- `host_collections`: List of Host Collections to associate with the activation key.
- `subscriptions`: List of Subscriptions to associate with the activation key. Each Subscription is required to have one of `name`, `pool_id`, or `upstream_pool_id`. Of these, only the `pool_id` is guaranteed to be unique. `upstream_pool_id` only exists for subscriptions imported from a 3rd party organization (e.g. on a Red Hat Subscription Manifest). When uniqueness is not an issue, `name` or `upstream_pool_id` can be easier to work with since the `pool_id` does not get determined until the subscription is imported or created and therefore may not yet be determined when you are writing playbooks.
- `content_overrides`: List of Content Overrides for the activation key. Each Content Override is required to have a `label` which refers to a repository and `override` which refers to one of the states enabled, disabled, or default.
Label for Red Hat products for example (rhel-7-server-rpms).

> Label for custom products it's in the format: (<organization_label>_<product_label>_<repositoryLabel>), e.g. C(ExampleOrg_ExampleCustomProduct_ExampleRepository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Red Hat products the `label` is the repository label, e.g. `rhel-7-server-rpms`.
For custom products it's in the format `<organization_label>_<product_label>_<repository_label>`, e.g. `ExampleOrg_ExampleCustomProduct_ExampleRepository`.
```
